[Small_Red_Rose]

Intricate, layered, beautiful

"The flower representation of You has seven petals (including the center) because there are seven sides to You, or seven ways of thinking about yourself...You could choose just one, two, or three of these sides of yourself - let us say, "what you know," what you can do," and "preferred salary" - as your guide to defining what kind of work would match You.  But what the Flower Diagram does is describe who you are in all seven ways, joined together on one page, in one graphic.  After all, you are not just one of these things; you are all of these things." - Richard N Bolles

In chapter 5 (aka "You Need to Understand More Fully Who You Are") of "What Color Is Your Parachute", author Dick Bolles called upon me to complete his "Flower Exercise."  This exercise, comprised of over 75 pages of instructions, was one of the most time-consuming self-inventories I have ever completed.  However, now that I have finished it, I feel refreshed, rejuvenated, and reinvigorated in my search for a "dream job".

Here's how it works:

As stated in the above quote, each person's flower has 7 "petals", or, "ways of describing who you are".

Petal #1 - My Favorite Knowledges or Fields of Interest (plus My Favorite Mediums)
Petal #2 - My Preferred Kinds of People to Work With (plus My Holland Code)
Petal #3 - What I Can Do and Love to Do, aka My Favorite Transferable Skills (plus My Favorite Traits)
Petal #4 - My Favorite Working Conditions
Petal #5 - My Preferred Salary Range (plus Other Rewards Hoped For)
Petal #6 - My Preferred Place(s) to Live
Petal #7 - My Goal, Purpose, or Mission in Life

Here's what a finished one looks like (chosen randomly from Google image search).

[joannas-flower-diagram]

Keep in mind, this book is re-written every single year, so some of the verbiage might differ slightly from what I've explained above.

Completing my diagram took me much longer than I expected.  I originally anticipated the flower exercise taking around 3 hours to complete, but it ended up taking closer to 10 hours, spread out over the course of a few days.  I definitely recommend this exercise for anybody who wants to get a better idea of their proper place in the job market, but only if they've got the wherewithal (and free time) to do it the right way.

While each petal does have its own unique set of instructions, the core concepts remain constant.  Essentially, each petal is a three-step process.  Step one: come up with as many ideas as you can on the petal's subject.  Step two: through deep, systematized reflection and introspection, eliminate the least appropriate ideas, until you've narrowed them down to a certain number (usually either 5 or 10).  Step three: through even deeper reflection and introspection, systematically rank the remaining ideas.

Allow me to give you an example so you can see the exercise in action.  Here's how I completed my favorite of the seven Petals: Petal 3 ("What I Can Do and Love to Do, aka My Favorite Transferable Skills).

To begin, I was instructed to think of seven goals in my life that I set for myself and ultimately accomplished.  These accomplishments were supposed to be times that I felt good about myself, not times that I begrudgingly performed a task.

I'm going to leave humility at the door for a moment, but it's only to preserve the integrity of my blog ;).  Here are the seven I came up with:

1) Composing my first original piece of music
2) Adopting a healthier lifestyle (i.e., getting in shape and staying in shape)
3) Qualifying to play on the pro tour for Magic: The Gathering
4) Writing a feature-length screenplay
5) Getting hired at my current job
6) Getting arrangements played by my college marching band at football games
7) Having the highest final average in my high school trigonometry class

This particular petal was fun, because I spent the entire time thinking about -- well, I was basically just thinking about all of the things I like about myself!  Who doesn't like to think about that?

After I wrote these 7 stories, I went through a 3-page list of transferable skills, and I checked off each skill that I used to accomplish each goal.  After I finished, I had a small number of skills that I used all 7 times, and a few that I used 6 times.  From there, I used the author's "prioritization grid" (a handy device for ranking your preferences for pretty much anything... try it out for yourself at this website: http://www.beverlyryle.com/prioritizing_grid.htm?items=10&) to rank the skills in order of how much I enjoyed using them.

Thus, I found my top 10 favorite transferable skills!  Trust me when I say that this list is frighteningly accurate:

10) Consulting others
9) Paying attention to details
8) Studying, observing
7) Following through, getting things done
6) Compiling, keeping records, filing, retrieving
5) Working with numbers, computing
4) Analyzing, breaking something down into its parts
3) Systematizing/prioritizing
2) Using my brain
1) Planning

***

Remember, that was just one of seven petals.  However, in the interest of keeping you from drifting away into daydreams, I'll end my explanation here and say that I not only feel like I understand myself better now that I've finished this chapter of the book, but I also feel more confident about my original choices of potential careers (listed in entry #2 of this blog).  Hopefully, my completed Flower will help expedite the process of narrowing them down to what is best for me.

Current workload:
1) "Practical Algebra: A Self-Teaching Guide" - 4 of 12 chapters completed
2) "What Color is Your Parachute?" - 5 (!!!) of 12 chapters completed
3) Beginning Programming For Dummies - 2 of 22 chapters completed

Still dreaming...