It's been about 2 and a half months since the last time I blogged.  Let's get right to it!

***

First off, class.  I am currently in week three of Calculus I and Programming Fundamentals I at Austin Community College.

Calculus has certainly been the more challenging of the two courses for me, so far.  Whereas Programming Fundamentals (herein PF) took a couple class meetings to really get going, Calculus hit the ground running from the start.  In addition (ha!), I am still finding myself having to review concepts forgotten since high school.  Thus, while I do understand the information, it's taking me longer to process than the younger whipper-snappers sitting on either side of me.  Fortunately, even after only two weeks, the familiarity is starting to return, along with the speed.

[11644_194018323372_542678372_3892112_7633143_n]

PF, on the other hand, has not been difficult.  So far, it's been mostly review, and the work has been, frankly, too easy.  However, the professor has made a point to tell us that it won't always be this way, and the syllabus promises exciting things in the near future.

The PF course I'm in right now uses the Python programming language.  If you've read my previous entries, you know that I've already spent a good bit of time learning C++.  I could throw my hands in the air and say that I wasted all of those hours on a language I won't use until I've forgotten everything about it, but even after only a handful of PF class meetings, I am already becoming interested at comparing one language to the other.  It helps me to better understand what's going on underneath the surface.  Thus, I am not frustrated, but happy that I have a little C++ under my belt.  I know it'll come in handy, one day.

***

The first day of class was January 20th.  Fleming's opened for lunch recently, and the first day of training was also January 20th.  So, the last few weeks have been pretty busy for me, but the end result is that I've not only fallen into the groove with class, but I'm now working a few shifts a week as a server.  Finally!

So far, I'm only serving at lunch; I'm still backwaiting at dinner.  However, I've already been scheduled for a few more server training shifts, and if everything goes as planned, I should be serving at dinner, as well, by Valentine's Day.

[Red_wine_closeup_in_glass]

Since some time has passed since then, I think it's okay for me to say that working as a server at Fleming's has been a goal of mine since I moved to California back in January 2013.  I've been working for Bloomin Brands, Inc. (the company that owns Outback Steakhouse, Bonefish Grill, Carraba's, Fleming's, and previously, Roy's) for about five years now, and right before the move to SoCal, I was in talks with two restaurants about waiting tables: Roy's, and Fleming's.  I had interviews at both, but only Roy's offered me a job, so I took it.  However, I really wanted to work at Fleming's.

Now, two years later, I finally accomplished my goal, kinda!  I certainly don't want this to be the pinnacle of my professional career, but there's a chance it'll be the pinnacle of my restaurant career.  If I stayed a server at Fleming's from now until I entered the tech field, I think I would be 100% okay with that.  I really like my bosses and my coworkers, and I'd like to live in one place for more than a year, for once!

All's well with work.  Hopefully it'll stay that way.

***

In addition to class, work, and training, the upcoming weeks look to involve a good bit of wedding planning.  We've decided on a venue and the week of the wedding, but we won't know the exact date for a few more days.  Once we get the date, there will be a lot of work to do.  I expect February to be another busy (translation: exciting!) month.

I'm happy with the situation at work, and I'm happy that I'm finally making progress with school.  It feels nice to have a goal and to be on track to accomplish it.  There's a long road ahead, but I just filled the tank and bought a cup of coffee.  Vroom, vroom.

Still dreaming...
