Hello, world!

As you can see, I am returning to the written format for this entry.  Vlogging was fun to try, but I think I express myself better through writing.  That, and I have very large ears.  Expect most, if not all, future entries to be earless.

[Vincent_van_Gogh_-_Self-Portrait_-_Google_Art_Project_(454045)]

Lesley and I are fighting the good fight here in the Autumn months of Austin.  We still have the same jobs, and we’ve settled in quite nicely since the move.  I even managed to get a recurring weekly schedule that always has one of my off days falling on the weekend.  It can be hard to lock that in, working full time in the restaurant industry; I’m glad I did, so that we can finally plan fun things to do together.  So far, we’ve visited the Capitol (everything really IS bigger in Texas), eaten at several killer Tex-Mex restaurants (fried bacon-wrapped stuffed avocado – yes, really), and, of course, had several lazy days and nights at home.

Speaking of lazy, I’ve been on an errand-spree as of late.  It would appear that I am, in fact, on track to begin classes at Austin Community College for the Spring 2015 semester!  I’ve got a few tasks I’m working on right now, but before I get to those, let me tell you about how the adventure began...

[bill-mellinda-gates-computer-science-complex08]

The Bill and Melinda Gates Computer Science Hall at UT Austin

A month or so ago, I decided to take a walk around the computer science building at UT to have a look-see.  I fantasized of aimlessly meandering the halls until I stumbled through an open office door to find a woman in a suit, saying “Hello, Evan.  I’ve been expecting you.  Please have a seat and let me answer all of your questions.”  Unfortunately, the reality of the situation was quite different.  Every inviting room, flier, or office was for UT CS students only.  All I got for my time was a business card and a polite, but quite clear, cessation of eye contact from a receptionist ready to return to whatever it is receptionists would rather be doing.

Fortunately, the business card proved useful.  I emailed my questions to the address on the card, and within hours received answers not only to all of them, but to others I hadn’t yet thought of but should have (Thank you, guy who emailed me!).  After browsing several of the internet resources to which I had been directed, I decided to just go ahead and start answering as many questions as I could on my own.  That, and to go to an ACC (Austin Community College) campus to speak with an advisor.

The trip to the advisor skyrocketed me forward.  All of a sudden, I was simultaneously going through the ACC application process, speaking with a CS professor at ACC, speaking with a transfer advisor at UT, ordering transcripts, filling out paperwork, planning for financial aid, planning for a math exemption exam, whistling the Andy Griffith Show theme song with six jumbo marshmallows in my mouth, and juggling three chainsaws.

Things I learned from accomplishing these tasks:

1) From the mouth of a CS professor, getting a bachelor's degree in CS is, in fact, a good way to accomplish my goals.

2) I have reason to be optimistic, but not yet reason to be sure, that about 30-40 credits from my first bachelor’s degree will transfer to my second, should I be accepted at UT.

3) The financial aid process this go-around is going to be a little more complicated, and less lucrative, than the first.

4) I need to re-learn trigonometry and pre-calculus for the math exemption exam in less than 2 months in order to take Calculus 1 in the Spring (I took all three in high school).

5) Marshmallows are delicious but not conducive to proper whistling technique.

6) Juggling chainsaws is super easy, I don't understand why people are so impressed by it.

After taking care of some necessary tasks and returning to the advisor, I am now just one test, a few essays, and a little more paperwork away from being ready for a 9-credit courseload next semester.  Ideally, I'll be taking Calculus 1, Intro to CS, and US History 1.

The test will involve some studying, of course, and the essays/paperwork some time, but I currently feel optimistic that everything will fall into place and that I will be able to get this party started in less than 2 months time.  To say I'm excited would be an understatement.

[laptop-classroom]

So, until next time, expect me to be learning how to measure triangles and use proofs and stuff, and taking my 27-year old butt out there into the world of academia and shaking it for admissions staff members.

(And to my Facebook friends, welcome!  Hope you enjoy reading.)

Still dreaming...