Summer is here, and we Austinites are definitely feeling the burn.  I’d say we were lucky to have some rain over the past couple of weeks to cool things off a bit, but it really just feels like we’re trading heat for floods.  You can’t win!

[article-2339291-1A3F441B000005DC-786_634x472]

In less sweaty news, the Spring Semester is in the books, and I was happy to end up with a 3.5 GPA:

US History I – B
US History II – A
Programming Fundamentals III: Data Structures – B
Intro to Philosophy – A

I feel fortunate that I legitimately got something out of each of the four classes.  I’ve never taken a US History course (only World Civ), so I was actually pretty engaged with the material for those two.  My philosophy professor was a great lecturer, so I enjoyed that class quite a bit.  Unfortunately, my Data Structures class was online, but I’m happy nonetheless to have completed my programming fundamentals curriculum with only B’s and A’s.

Aside from work (still slinging steaks and wine at Fleming’s), there are two items on which I’ll be spending most of my time this summer.  The first is my two online (bleh!) government (double bleh!) courses, and the second is a command line server companion app for Windows.

ACC requires not one, but two government courses for an A.S. in Computer Science – United States Government and Texas State/Local Government.  While I am certainly interested in government, I'm much more interested in computers.  I just keep reminding myself that the summer semester is the shortest one, and I’ll be back in math-and-science mode in no time for the fall, when I’ll finish up my degree by taking Computer Organization/Machine Language and Molecular Biology.

[images]

Learning about US Government, just in the nick of time!

My server app is a project I started several months ago but have struggled to find the time to complete.  It’s going to be a command line app at first, using only the skills that I’ve acquired from my classes at ACC, but if it ends up working well, I might later give it a GUI.  My main goal is to have a finished product by the end of the summer semester so that I can add it to my portfolio.

This leads me to my plans for finding work outside the restaurant industry.  I’m hoping that I’ll be able to land an internship or a Jr developer position somewhere at the end of the summer semester.  However, I know that I shouldn’t rely on that, so my “Plan B” is to find further educational opportunities and keep slinging steaks in the meantime.  I’ve looked into some coding Boot Camps here in Austin that look attractive, but I haven’t made any concrete plans yet.  We shall see!

[ap87010101833]

Hopefully donuts will be allowed.

Aside from work and school, life is going well.  Lesley is off for her summer break, and it’s nice to be able to spend some quality time with her.  We’re going home soon to visit our families in FL and MS and spend some time at the beach.  Fingers crossed I won’t get sunburned!