[mull-sunrise-2-900x600-srgb]

It's a new day!

"Getting another, better job, ASAP, is going to do you so much good." - A recent text message from a friend

The "secret", I suppose, is out.

Two entries ago, in this blog, I remarked about my current job:  "I work at a fine dining restaurant in southern California.  It's a good job, and I'm happy to have it."

At the time, I wasn't sure what would come of the job, so I didn't want to project a negative attitude.  However, now that I've decided that I'm going to be looking for a different job in the next few days, I don't mind admitting that it is *not* a good job and that I am *not* happy to have it.

Why?  Well, the short answer is that I don't make enough money.  The longer answer is that I can't request days off, my schedule is different every week, I am constantly "on call" which makes it impossible to make plans, I'm not given enough shifts, I haven't been offered certain things I was promised when I was hired, I can only work at night, and I get paid less than my previous three jobs, despite being held to higher standards.

Thus, within the next few days, I will be updating my restaurant-focused resume', putting on my Sunday Best, and trying to convince employers that I'm as good as I think I am at waiting tables.

Do keep in mind, this blog is still focused on the "bigger picture".  However, I felt that this particular episode of my life was worth mentioning.  Hopefully, by the time I write my next entry, I will have good news, and I can get back to devoting my energy to my future, instead of being stuck in the present.

***

Luckily, I finished "What Color Is Your Parachute" just in time for my job-hunt!

Unfortunately, I wasn't quite as amazed by the second half of WCIYP as I was by the first half.  After the "Flower Exercise", the book shifted gears a bit, focusing more on job acquisition than on self-reflection.  Obviously, a book about job-acquisition needs to, at some point, talk about job-acquisition, so I'm not saying this shifting of gears is a fault.  However, right now, I don't need to know much as much about salary negotiation or starting my own business as I do about making the right choices in the careers I'm exploring.

That said, I read the book, cover to cover, and it will wait, nice and cozy, in my bookshelf, for the days that I DO need to think about salary negotiation or starting my own business.  Plus, I get the bonus of being able to apply some of the information I learned to my "mini" job-hunt.

The final verdict on "What Color Is Your Parachute?": Two thumbs up!

[Ebert-thumbs-up-675x1024]

RIP Roger Ebert.  You will be missed.

***

So, what's the best thing about finishing WCIYP?  Now, I can move on to the meat and potatoes of my research: the jobs, themselves.  Allow me to explain my plan for the next few aMaCaDaD entries (aka, the next few weeks)...

In essence, what I'm going to be doing is giving myself a series of "crash courses" in the career fields I've chosen.  I hope to find out, at the very least, the following information about each of them:

1) Which jobs in this field appeal to me the most?
2) How much do they pay?
3) How much education is required?
4) What are their projections for the future?
5) What kinds of working conditions are required?
6) What kinds of skills are necessary?
7) Do I stand a good chance of finding a job?

Obviously, those seven questions aren't easily answered in a black-and-white, series-of-bullet-points, just-look-it-up-in-the-index manner.  Thus, my "plan of attack" is simply to immerse myself in the jobs (in a timely manner, of course), getting as much information as I can from as many sources as I can, so that I can get the clearest possible picture of what to expect.

I will begin with my next entry on jobs in the "Computer and Information Technology" career field.  Some jobs in this field are:

*Computer and information research scientists
*Computer programmers
*Computer systems analysts
*Database administrators
*Information security analysts
*Web developers
*Network and computer systems administrators
*Software developers

I've already given myself a tiny head-start with learning computer programming, from reading the first few chapters of "Beginning Computer Programming for Dummies" and from downloading Real Studio 2012 and using its tutorials.  With "WCIYP" out of the way, I can now focus my energy entirely on learning more about computers and if they have a place in my future.

[Meat And Potatoes]

My focus for the next few weeks.

***

That's all for today.  As you know, today marks the beginning of some changes in my life, so I'm not entirely sure when I'll get to blog again.  However, rest assured that, once I settle into my new job, the first "crash course" will be at the top of my to-do list.

Here goes nothing!

Current workload:
1) "Practical Algebra: A Self-Teaching Guide" - 5 of 12 chapters completed
2) "What Color is Your Parachute?" - Finished!
3) Beginning Programming For Dummies - 4 of 22 chapters completed
4) Hunt for a new job - Started

Still dreaming...
