It's been just over 3 months since I last blogged.  The summer has been relaxing but productive.  I've learned about web development, made progress on wedding planning, done some research and thinking about the future, and kept up the good work at Fleming's.  Now, Lesley's students have returned, and it's back to the routine.  In two and a half weeks, I'll be back in class, too.

[Screen-shot-2012-08-27-at-9.56.57-AM]

My web development "curriculum" is just about over.  My goal for the summer was to finish tutorials on 4 web languages (HTML, CSS, Javascript, and PHP) and do some work on a couple of small websites.  So far, I've finished tutorials on all of the languages save PHP, plus I've finished a (very simple) website for the wedding and gotten started on my personal, professional website.  I hope to finish my "curriculum" before the start of the Fall semester.

I see the web development skills I've learned over the summer as one more tool to add to my toolkit.  Eventually, I want to be more specialized, but I still don't feel the time is right to do that - I want to learn a little about a lot of things before I learn a lot about one thing.  So far, so good, but I must say I hope this period doesn't last too much longer - I really am ready to get to work.

[toolkit-cropped]

The wedding!  It's less than 2 months away, and I'm definitely getting excited.  One by one, we've been crossing things off our to-do list, and we're very close to being done.  Neither Lesley nor I enjoy being the center of attention, so we're not doing anything extravagant.  Our ceremony will be small, intimate, and hopefully fun (NOT stressful!).  We're getting married in Disney World and are staying there for our honeymoon.

[disney-world-walt-disney-world-34101377-500-334]

Obviously, the wedding is the highlight and focus of the Fall semester.  However, I'll also be getting work done!  I'm already signed up for Programming Fundamentals II and Calculus II - I start on August 25th.  I'm definitely ready to get back in the classroom.  Additionally, I intend to return from the wedding ready to start job hunting.  Hopefully, by the end of 2015, I will be able to convince somebody to give me a desk job.  With those two things, plus work and class, I have a feeling I'll be pretty busy.

Until then, I've got a few more things to do to wrap up the summer.  We've officially crossed the one-year mark of being Texans (in-state tuition, baby!), but we've still got at least a few more left.  Nose to the grindstone, and hopefully something will come of it.  Until next time.

still dreaming...
