I have a habit of waiting to write a blog entry until "something happens."  However, the past few weeks for me have been pretty eventful, and the coming weeks look to be just as eventful, so, instead of waiting for the perfect moment, I'm just going to go ahead and write, today, while I have the urge to do so.

The summer semester is finished, and I'm happy to report that I got an A in both my classes - US Government and TX/Local Government.  Both were online and quite easy, which, when paired with the slow season at work, caused for several long, quiet days.  I'm going to just come out and say that I am definitely craving a new, more productive lifestyle.  For most of my life, I've sought out "quiet time," but I'm reaching a point in my development where I'm yearning for a sense of purpose, a sense of belonging.  These feelings have caused me to ramp up my productivity in the past few weeks, in anticipation of the coming Fall semester.

[Autumn-Image-of-the-360-Bridge-in-Austin-Texas]

Austin, in Autumn

Here's a snapshop of where I'm at in my career:

*I'm still serving at Fleming's Steakhouse a few shifts a week, at night.

*I will finish my Associate's of Science in December, from Austin Community College.  My last two classes are "Computer Organization/Machine Language" and "Life on Earth", a basic biology course.

*I've decided that I want to pursue a career in web development and am currently collecting options to continue my education in the Fall.

Like I said in the beginning of this entry, my next "arrival point" is hard to predict at this time, but I am at least able to see the light at the end of the tunnel.  I'm finally starting to work on my programming portfolio, and I'm excited about a few of the education options I have available for the Fall.  I've just gotta keep busy for these last few weeks of Summer, and hopefully the Fall will give me more of that sense of purpose I'm craving.  The semester starts on Monday, August 29th.

[13508895_1077373968996037_1322347008275876914_n]

Lesley and me

Honestly, that pretty much sums up where I'm at in life at the moment.  I'm really hoping to nail down a plan for the next few months, in the next couple weeks.  As nice as it *sounds* to have a ton of free time, after enough of it, one starts to go stir crazy.  The walls of my apartment often feel like they're closing in on me - hence why I'm writing this entry from a coffee shop :)

Okay.  I'm off to work on my programming portfolio, friends.  Hoping for news in the coming weeks.  Still dreaming...