Hello again!  It's gotten a bit chilly lately, here in Austin.  I'm glad to be inside, blogging, where it's warm.

In my last entry, I mentioned that I had an eventful month ahead of me.  That month (December) is over, and now I'm halfway into January.  Since my last entry, I have graduated from Austin Community College with my A.S. in Computer Science, I worked my last shift at Fleming's, and I visited family for 12 days straight for the holidays.  Now, I'm back in Austin and I'm finally focused on web development.

[201512_2008_cbfcg_sm]

The Coding Boot Camp at UT Austin has turned out to be a challenge that happens to be a lot of fun.  I've learned so much already, and I'm only about halfway done.  We spent the first 1/3 or so of the class covering the front end - HTML, CSS, Javascript, jQuery, Bootstrap, AJAX/API/JSON, plus a few others.  Then, we spent a few weeks on group projects.

The group project was a great learning experience.  We broke into groups of 3-5 that had to build a website from the ground up.  We only had a few requirements - the rest was totally up to us.  It was great learning how to work with a team to build a product that everyone was satisfied with.  It was even better seeing all of the fantastic ideas everyone came up with.

Our group ended up working on a website which takes API data from three different services to allow you to search your area for fun things to do.  It's like a watered-down version of Eventful.  We had a small group of 3 people, and I was home for the holidays for much of our break, but we still managed to get a finished product together in time.  I've since tweaked it a bit to fit my preferences, and I've uploaded it here:

Find fun activities near you

I've also built myself a personal website.

www.RECoffey.com

I've also built my wife a Montessori website.

www.ConfessionsOfAMontessoriGuide.com

So!  With Fleming's in the books and nothing other than the boot camp going on for me, I'm definitely looking for work.  I can only work part time right now, but once April gets here, I'll be ready for full time.  I've already started applying.  I'll also be advertising on social media soon to help friends build/improve their own personal websites.  I'm hoping to start getting busy as a web developer, in one fashion or another, as soon as possible.

One last thing:  We got a second cat.  Her name is Leeloo, and she and Remy are already good friends.

[15977195_10101854438976649_297332299884053568_n]

Remy (top) and Leeloo (bottom)

still dreaming...