[motherboard]

"You've already made up your mind.  You just don't know it yet." - my girlfriend

Surprise!  It would appear I've fast-forwarded ten or so blog entries, as I recently decided that my future career will involve computers.  Let me just say: I couldn't be happier with my decision.

I know, I know, you're sorely disappointed.  You wanted to read about me laboriously sifting through different career options, tediously eliminating one at a time.  Well, I'm sorry to disappoint you, but after some conversations with loved ones, I realized that I already knew what I wanted to do; I was just afraid to admit it to myself.  So, computers it is!

So...

Now what?

Well, to say I have a long journey ahead of me would be an egregious understatement.  Being that my education since high school has been almost completely focused on music, I have quite a bit to learn in order to make this career change happen successfully.  However, now that I have clear direction, this lack of knowledge feels much less intimidating than before.

In order to remain focused and level-headed, I went ahead and made myself a timeline for the next few years.  It's entirely possible that this timeline will change, but I wanted to make it feel as concrete as possible.

1) Now -> Winter 2013

Undergraduate admissions deadlines for the 2014-2015 academic year are set for the winter months: December, January, February.  This is my first "target" window.

As I mentioned above, I don't have much in the way of a computer-focused resume/portfolio.  Thus, between now and winter, my primary goal is to make myself as attractive as possible to universities.  I want to learn code well enough to create programs/websites that I can submit with my applications, and I also want to become somewhat knowledgeable about other areas of computer science, such as networks, hardware, history, and upper-level math.  Hopefully, all of this work will not only increase my chances of getting into a good school, but it will help me to earn better financial aid, as well as getting me excited about the subject matter.

I already found out what some of the better colleges in the country for computer science are.  I looked at five different "best computer science degrees" lists, and I compiled the data into a small spreadsheet:

[spreadsheet]

Obviously, there are far more options than those listed above, but I thought it'd be good to familiarize myself with "the best" before I started looking at "the rest".

2) Winter 2013 -> Summer 2014

Once I've applied to the colleges, I will be doing two things: applying for extra financial aid and planning my move.  This probably goes without saying, given my current line of work, but I don't make very much money right now, so planning these two things as thoroughly as I can will be vital to my success.

I will also continue to educate myself during this time.  When I show up to college, I want to have a head start.

3) Fall 2014 -> Spring 2017

I want to graduate in no more than three years.  I already have a bachelor's degree, so I'm hoping that some of my credits will transfer.  Additionally, I intend to take a full-time courseload every semester, even if it means that I have to take out a significant amount of money in student loans.  Luckily, I had an abundance of scholarships and grants for my first trip through college, so I can afford to take out loans this time if I need to.

During the summer semesters, I'm going to try as hard as I possibly can to score internships and part-time work related to my field.  Again, I feel that I need to overcompensate for the fact that the first 26 years of my life had nothing to do with computers; I don't want employers to wonder if I'm as committed to this overhaul of interests as I claim I am.

4) Summer 2017

Booya!  Time to get to work!

***

So, that's the plan, for now.  I'm truly excited about all of the things I'll be learning in the next few months, and I look forward to sharing them with you along the way.

***

A note on the job hunt:

I applied to a handful of local restaurants, even getting interviews at two of them.  Unfortunately, however, I'm still working at the same job as before.  Luckily, some of the problems that I had with this job have gone away, the most important of which is that I am now being scheduled enough shifts to comfortably pay my bills.  I still feel like there is a better job for me out there, somewhere, so I am still looking.  I'm just not looking as actively as before, as my lifestyle, for the moment, is at least "acceptable".

***

Given recent developments, it's fitting that my blog should be titled "A Man, A Computer, A Desk, A Dream".  Now that I've decided what my goals are for the future, I feel like I'm one step closer to turning that dream into a reality.

Still dreaming...