The unseasonably cold weather has passed.  Spring is on its way, along with its Break.

However, "break" is misleading.  Not only will I still be working, but I'll be doing something very cool.  South by Southwest is coming to Austin, and Google, yes, Google, has bought out Fleming's for the entire festival.  For one full week, I will be serving steaks to some of the most brilliant tech minds in the country.  I'm giddy like an 8-year old girl getting ready for a One Direction concert.  I plan to get Sergey and Larry drunk a few times, dazzle them with my charm and charisma, and have a job offer by week's end.  I'm feeling confident.

[witch from snow white]

Before then, however, I've still got another week of class to get through, and things in that department are finally starting to warm up!  In Calculus, we have covered a good bit of algebra and trig review, plus limits, derivatives, and a few other things.  I've had two exams in there so far - 99 and 95.  In Programming Fundamentals, we've covered lots and lots of building blocks.  The lab that's due next includes a function that asks for a monetary amount owed and another amount paid and calculates the number of dollars, quarters, dimes, nickels, and pennies owed in change, and another function which deals two players a random playing card, then determines the highest card, and, thus, the winner.  Just to give an idea of what we've covered.  Only one exam in there so far - 99.

I'm still on track to get an A in both classes (my goal from the start), but I'm not done, yet.  The lightened workload during Spring Break will give me some time to recharge my batteries and get ready to tackle the second half of the semester head-on.

Aside from the happenings with Google, things are still going well at Fleming's.  I finished training for dinner serving, and I've had a few shifts here and there, but I mostly still backwait at night and serve at lunch.  I'm not in any rush to get away from backwaiting.  I'm happy to offer multiple skills to help make scheduling easier.

On a side note, we've put down a deposit on a date and venue for the wedding, and we're almost done narrowing down our guest list.  It's gonna be in early October of this year, and we are thrilled to finally have an actual date to look forward to.

[final_countdown]

Finally, I'd like to talk about my plans for the next few months, with regards to beginning my journey into a new career, in tech.  I plan to continue taking math classes and CS classes every semester until I have a job.  Thus, I don't need to spend my free time learning to code, so much as I need to spend it making sure I'm on the right track and am setting realistic, but consistently challenging and appropriate career goals.

Now that I've finished training at work, settled into the groove with my weekly schedule, and learned enough through class and independent research to have a pretty good idea of what the tech field currently looks like, my next goal is to learn more about each career track separately, so that I can eventually narrow down my path to just the few that I think would be the best fit for me.  After that, I'll do some research as to what education options OTHER than a bachelor's degree at UT are available - don't want to put all my eggs in one basket, after all.  Then, finally, with all the data I will have collected at that point, I'll make some big decisions as to how and where I should be devoting my time and energy, and what I want to be doing after I finish my education.

It's an exciting time, I know, but I have to admit that I am STILL yearning to be in a position where I don't have to worry about WHAT I'm doing, but only HOW WELL I can do it.

Until next time,

still dreaming...