Hello, world!

The last time we spoke, I was wading through a shallow sea of paperwork.  Now, I've made it to shore, but I'm still soaking wet.

Paperwork is boring, so I won't talk about it, save for one particular document: the dreaded Preparatory Coursework Agreement.

Being that I already have a bachelor's degree, I have to submit certain documentation to prove that I'm not taking classes simply to raise my GPA or further delay paying off student loans, and that I am, in fact, trying to get another degree.  One way of proving this is to declare a major, then fill out a Preparatory Coursework Agreement to prove that there is a 4-year university in the state of Texas that offers a degree I am trying to eventually acquire, and that x, y, and z classes are required for said degree.  Easy enough, right?  Fill-in-the-blank type stuff.

Unfortunately, getting it signed by an advisor at said 4-year university proved much harder than filling it out.  The process involved way too many phone calls, several trips to various campuses, and being turned away by three separate departments at UT.  Thankfully, a fourth department finally had an advisor with 5 minutes to spare to speak with me.  She actually gave me about 30, and was a compassionate, helpful woman.  Faith in academia reinvigorated.  Priority deadline for financial aid at ACC, met.

[Deadline]

Another piece of good news: I was accepted into the Honors College at ACC!  It will allow me to access Honors versions of my classes, with smaller class sizes better suited for discussions.  I enjoyed the Honors courses during my first bachelor's degree; I'm happy to get the same opportunity, here.

So, what's up next, then?   Well, the two remaining deadlines for me are both under a month away: first, the ACC general scholarship form priority deadline, then shortly after that, open registration for the Spring 2015 semester.

The reason I consider registration a deadline is because I need to make a sufficient score on the ACT Compass exam in order to skip Trigonometry and Pre-Calculus and sign up for Calculus 1, and I want to have done so by the time registration opens so that I can get the professor and weekly schedule I want.

I'm hoping to take the test no more than twice: once, a week from now, and then again, three weeks after that.  I don't expect to score well on the first attempt; I'm mostly taking it to get hands-on experience with the test and to see how much work I need to do to achieve a sufficient score.

As I mentioned in my previous entry, I took Algebra, Trigonometry, Pre-Calculus, and Calculus in high school, then Algebra again in college.  Thus, the next month will be more of a refresher than a crash-course.  I've already watched a couple of youtube videos to jog my memory about trigonometry, and if you go way back to the first few entries of this blog, you'll see that I already got a head start on re-learning algebra last year, in California.  I'm hoping a month is all I need, now.  We'll see.

As for the scholarship application: as soon as I get the letters of recommendation that two of my friends graciously offered to write for me, I'll update my resume, write a brief essay, fill out and submit the form, and cross my fingers.

[1287192264159474001]

Hopefully, by the time Thanksgiving gets here, I'll have everything out of the way, be registered for classes, and have a head start on the Spring semester.  Until then, I'll be working, studying, and, of course, dreaming...