Hello, world!

In my last entry, I mentioned two imminent deadlines.  I'm happy to say I met both of them!

[YES_cat]

The first was easy - the general scholarship application for Austin Community College.  After I collected my letters of recommendation, I just had a few forms to fill out and a short essay to write, and I was done.  I get my results some time in December.

The second one was a bit trickier - the COMPASS math exam.  I could attempt the test as many times as necessary at the cost of $10 - and 2 hours - per test, but I needed the following scores, all in one attempt, in order to skip trig/pre-cal and start in Calculus 1:

Algebra - 85 of 99
College Algebra - 80 of 99
Trigonometry - 80 of 99

My first attempt earned me scores of 86 in Algebra, 75 in College Algebra, and 86 in Trigonometry.  Close, but no cigar, so I studied my algebra book over the following week and then tried it again, strangely receiving scores of 99, 67, and 79.  Algebra went up, College Algebra down?  Finally, I downloaded a real college algebra final exam that I found using Google, wrote down the concepts unfamiliar to me, studied those, then went back and finally passed with scores of 99, 89, and 82, just 3 days before open registration.

Then, at 12:01 AM on November 17th, I registered for Calculus I and Progamming Fundamentals I.

It's happening!  It's finally happening!

Class starts January 20th.  I can hardly wait.

[tumblr_inline_n2ss31tajt1rvo11e]

I don't usually talk about my current jobs, but the last few weeks have been pretty eventful in that department.  In addition to two very busy, stressful weeks at my night job, Fleming's, I actually gave my 3 week's notice and subsequently finished up at my day job, Westwood Country Club.  Juggling those, plus studying for and taking the exams, has been draining, but I'm glad to be done with it.

Now, I'm still working nights at Fleming's, but I'm leaving my days free until class starts.  Then, shortly thereafter, Fleming's will open for lunch.  Westwood was necessary for me at first, but now that I've found my footing, the extra time is more valuable than the extra paychecks.  I'm taking advantage of the open schedule while I can.  I may even take my flabby self down to the gym!

[giphy]

I'll be spending a few days with family this Thanksgiving, which I'm very, well, thankful for.  To be honest, I'm not sure how much I'll blog between now and January 20th.  I think, if something comes up, I'll chime in, but otherwise, I'll just be handling my business and getting ready for this exciting new chapter.

Still dreaming...